Luoxue Love's design
I drew it a few months ago
And I have this design right now.
I optimized it on the previous version
Isn't it obvious enough?
You are talking nonsense.
This blueprint is clearly drawn by me
Obviously, you are the one who draws the tiger but not the anti-dog.
So it's different?
Mom, you're awake
Miss you
Where did it go?
Mom already knows her situation
Are we dead?
Mom, don't worry.
I have a way
Yes mom
It's the blueprint I lost earlier.
Belozzione was robbed
Please help me prove it
I drew this blueprint
Lin Hong, you have been working in our family for 15 years
I want you to be honest.
Xueqin is stronger by nature
If I tell the truth
I'm afraid he can't do it wrong.
But if I lie and say that the blueprints are mine, Xueqin
How can you live up to your nostalgia?
Aunt Soul
This blueprint is very important to me
You have to think about it, Mom.
I kiss a word